Day seven of making Pixel Brawl using
Pixel Lab and Claude code inside Ray
Lib. We already have combos,
backgrounds, and working enemies, but
the game still felt disconnected. So, I
started bringing it all together. First,
I added a start screen. I designed the
logo and background in a sprite using
Pixel Lab, dropped them into the project
folder, [music] and told Claude code to
hook it up. So, the game waits for you
to press space before starting. Then, I
worked [music] on combat flow. Enemies
can now block. When they defend, they
gray out for a second. And crouching
lets the player dodge attacks entirely
[music]
if you time it right. After that, I went
to the character creator page to animate
every fighter. I told Claude Code to
download them through the Pixel Lab MCP,
code everything in, and import it into
the Ray Live project. The Street Fighter
now has [music] a two-punch combo. The
dojo master learned a high kick. For the
snow guardian, I opened Pixel Lab in a
sprite and made a snow spell. She throws
a glowing snowball across the arena. And
the desert raider, he's stacked. Jab,
cross, leg sweep, and uppercut. Each
opponent finally fights differently.
[music]
What should I add next? Maybe a boss
enemy for the final stage.